README.md, before:

![nbbib.lib.unb.ca screenshot](https://github.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca/raw/prod/screenshot.png "nbbib.lib.unb.ca screenshot")
# [nbbib.lib.unb.ca](https://nbbib.lib.unb.ca/) : Instance Repository
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca.svg?branch=prod)](https://travis-ci.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca)](https://github.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca/blob/dev/LICENSE) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca)

This repository contains all assets used to test, build, and deploy the [nbbib.lib.unb.ca](https://nbbib.lib.unb.ca) Drupal application. This repository extends the [unb-libraries/docker-drupal](https://github.com/unb-libraries/docker-drupal) base image, which deploys nginx and php-fpm in the service container.

## How To Deploy
Local deployment, development and testing is accelerated via [dockworker](https://github.com/unb-libraries/dockworker), our unified framework of [Robo](https://robo.li/) commands that streamline local development of our application on Linux or OSX.

### Step 1: Install Dependencies
In your local development environment, several 'one time' dependency installations are required to deploy this application. Some or all of these may already be installed in your environment.

* [PHP7](https://php.org/)
* [composer](https://getcomposer.org/)
* [docker](https://www.docker.com): Installation steps [are located here](https://docs.docker.com/install/).
* [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/): Installation steps [are located here](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

### Step 2: Deploy
With all dependencies installed, you are ready to deploy the application locally and and begin development:

```
composer install
vendor/bin/dockworker deploy
```

And that's it! The application will build and deploy in your local environment.

If you work with unb-libraries applications often, you may also consider [installing a dockworker alias](https://gist.github.com/JacobSanford/1448fece856be371060d0f16ccb1b194), which avoids referencing vendor/bin for each dockworker command.

## Other useful commands
Run ```vendor/bin/dockworker``` to list available dockworker commands for this application.

## Author / Licensing
- Developed by [![UNB Libraries](https://github.com/unb-libraries/assets/raw/master/unblibbadge.png "UNB Libraries")](https://lib.unb.ca/)
- This work is published through our strong commitment to making as much of our development/workflow as possible freely available.
- Consequently, the contents of this repository [unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca] are licensed under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html). This license explicitly excludes:
   - Any website content, which remains the exclusive property of its author(s).
   - The UNB logo and any of the associated suite of visual identity assets, which remains the exclusive property of the University of New Brunswick.

Commit message:

README changes to add contributors

README.md, after:

![nbbib.lib.unb.ca screenshot](https://github.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca/raw/prod/screenshot.png "nbbib.lib.unb.ca screenshot")
# [nbbib.lib.unb.ca](https://nbbib.lib.unb.ca/) : Instance Repository
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca.svg?branch=prod)](https://travis-ci.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca)](https://github.com/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca/blob/dev/LICENSE) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/unb-libraries/nbbib.lib.unb.ca)

This repository contains all assets used to test, build, and deploy the [nbbib.lib.unb.ca](https://nbbib.lib.unb.ca) Drupal application. This repository extends the [unb-libraries/docker-drupal](https://github.com/unb-libraries/docker-drupal) base image, which deploys nginx and php-fpm in the service container.

## How To Deploy
Local deployment, development and testing is accelerated via [dockworker](https://github.com/unb-libraries/dockworker), our unified framework of [Robo](https://robo.li/) commands that streamline local development of our application on Linux or OSX.

### Step 1: Install Dependencies
In your local development environment, several 'one time' dependency installations are required to deploy this application. Some or all of these may already be installed in your environment.

* [PHP7](https://php.org/)
* [composer](https://getcomposer.org/)
* [docker](https://www.docker.com): Installation steps [are located here](https://docs.docker.com/install/).
* [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/): Installation steps [are located here](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

### Step 2: Deploy
With all dependencies installed, you are ready to deploy the application locally and and begin development:

```
composer install
vendor/bin/dockworker deploy
```

And that's it! The application will build and deploy in your local environment.

If you work with unb-libraries applications often, you may also consider [installing a dockworker alias](https://gist.github.com/JacobSanford/1448fece856be371060d0f16ccb1b194), which avoids referencing vendor/bin for each dockworker command.

## Other useful commands
Run ```vendor/bin/dockworker``` to list available dockworker commands for this application.

## Author / Contributors
This application was created at [![UNB Libraries](https://github.com/unb-libraries/assets/raw/master/unblibbadge.png "UNB Libraries")](https://lib.unb.ca/) by the following humans:

[//]: contributors

<a href="https://github.com/camilocodes"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12695787?v=3" title="Camilo V." width="128" height="128"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/JacobSanford"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/244894?v=3" title="Jacob Sanford" width="128" height="128"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/bricas"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/18400?v=3" title="Brian Cassidy" width="128" height="128"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/jtmcd75"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/10372283?v=3" title="Jeremy McDermott" width="128" height="128"></a>

[//]: contributors

## Licensing
- As part of our 'open' ethos, UNB Libraries licenses its applications and workflows to be freely available to all whenever possible.
- Consequently, the contents of this repository [unb-libraries/lib.unb.ca] are licensed under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html). This license explicitly excludes:
   - Any website content, which remains the exclusive property of its author(s).
   - The UNB logo and any of the associated suite of visual identity assets, which remains the exclusive property of the University of New Brunswick.
